[Autogenerated] Now it's time to go.
For more details into the I am policy topics,
we will start with the most basic policy type,
which is identity basic policy.
As usual, we will go for definition first.
Identity basic policy are Jason permission policy documents that you can
attach to an identity which is a user group of users or a role.
This is the most basic form off i.
E.
A.
M policy.
You create a policy which, as you can remember, is adjacent document.
Then you touch deep policy toe an I am identity,
which automatically is provided with permission specified in the policy.
Everything is very simple at this level.
The rest of this section is dedicated to provide you some meaningful examples.
Is organizing a set of scenarios and task to be performed For each scenario,
let's begin indecision area.
We will have a simple task.
The inspection off the policy that we have attached to the
admin group during the previous model.
Let's go to complete this task,
let me open I am dashboard and then go for groups select
at the main group and here we go first.
I want you to observe that as expected.
There are currently two users in this group,
Bob and Alice, which are our administrators.
Then if you selected the permission tub,
you see that we have a policy in place A here,
which is called Administrator Access.
Alternate that this is a manager policy.
While we have no in line policies if we select the show policy,
the Jason document, which described the policy,
is display it.
As you can see, it is a very simple policy,
with the only one statement which say's allow all action on all resources,
which is exactly what you expect from an administrator policy.
Finally,
I want you to show a tool which is very handy when comes to managing policies.
The policies simulator.
If you select the similarly option policy,
a new tab is opened in your browser and the policies
simulator tools is displayed on the left side.
You can see the current policy, which is administrator access,
also noted that currently the user bob is selected,
Then we can select the service to test, for example,
AWS s tree service.
We can select a specific action to evaluate against our policy.
Let's suppose that we select all of them And then we just fired the
round simulator button and the policy is evaluated.
The taking into account that current user is Bob.
Target service is a degree ancestry,
and all possible actions are evaluated as expected.
Given the privilege is described by the policy,
all actions are allowed for all possible.
AWS s three Bacchus in the account.
Let me describe this scenario.
Jeff is a new user belonging to an already created group
which is called S three user group.
Your task is to create a policy which allow Jeff to access all as three buckets,
with the only exception represented by specific Barket
where Jeff has no right privileges.
Let's start again with I e m dashboard.
Then we moved to policy where all the current policies are displayed.
We select the create policy, we select the service history,
select all possible action and the first statement is done.
Then let me had a second statement select again the s tree service,
then switch to deny permission.
Which means that this statement contains are denying
effect select all right actions.
Then we further specify the specific bucket where we want to
deny right action by providing est Reebok.
It results identify here.
And finally, we provide a friendly name,
which is Jeff Policy, and created the policy.
That's old.
Surely not.
The policy has to be attached to Jeff to provide a concrete effect so quickly,
go to the user,
select the Jeff at the permissions and select the already created Jeff Policy.
And here we go.
Jeff has been granted the privileges specified in our policy.
Let's move to verify if our policy is working.
Now, let me switch to CLI.
I have a red set up AWS Eli with proper Jeff profile.
Now Jeff is able to lease all s three buckets created into the current account.
Also is able to put a test fightin file into the allow with the bucket.
Let's also be fight that the file is Codec.
Plea started the dare.
But if you try to put an object into the not a lot with the
bucket we receive a never Jeff is expected has no right access to that specific bucket